[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> And if you want,
just for a moment,
you can put your
hands on your heart.
And feel your heart beat.
Anchor there, for this is
where heaven touches Earth.
This is where you
create heaven on Earth.
This is your creation center.
This is the door
through which we
speak with you, through which
you can meet us here and now.
For we are here, dear friend.
And we thank you for
your warm invitation.
>> Thank you.
So I have a number of questions.
I'm Rueben, by the way.
You probably already know that.
>> Noted, yes.
>> And thank you,
yesterday, for your work.
>> You are so welcome.
And thank you for
doing the actual work.
>> I had a question in regard
to, I know we've been talking
about Yahyel energy.
And here's our kitty
friend at your feet.
>> Very welcome, very
synchronistic, as you know.
>> Absolutely.
So we know a lot
about the Yahyel
already from other beings,
channels like Ishuwa and Bashar
and several others.
Can you tell us a little
bit about your history,
your background, the
planet you come from?
Is the planet named Yahyel?
Or is the civilization
named Yahyel?
>> The latter.
>> The civilization?
>> Yes.
>> Do you have a
name for your planet?
>> It is premature to share
this information with you now.
>> Understood.
And does everyone
in your civilization
communicate telepathically?
Or is there an actual--
>> Mainly, yes.
>> Mainly, OK.
>> Though there is
some use of language,
mainly in a poetic sense,
to shape some thoughts.
>> I see.
But the primarily form of
communication is telepathy?
>> Yes.
>> So it's understood that
humanity is moving from third
to fourth density.
What density could we associate
the Yahyel civilization with?
>> Fourth density,
fifth dimensional.
>> Fifth dimensional,
fourth density.
So basically, where
humanity is headed?
>> Yes.
>> Is your civilization also
moving into fifth density?
>> Slowly, but surely, yes.
>> OK, so you're still in
maybe the beginning phases?
>> We are behind what you
understand from the Sassani
through your channel of
Darrell Anka channeling Bashar.
>> I see.
Speaking of Bashar, I heard
from the channel, Shaun Swanson,
channel Ishuwa, that
Bashar had a key role
in introducing the Yahyel
to the Earth civilization.
Can you go into more
detail about that?
The Yahyel civilization
from their beginning,
were they not informed
of the human race?
>> We were aware, but we
were younger, you see?
The Sassani had a
little bit more time
to establish their own
patterns, you might say.
And so they were in
a better position
to introduce us to
you, you understand?
>> Right.
>> They have been
observing a little longer.
And so they could
guide us a little.
Whereas otherwise, if we had
to take it from the start,
so to speak, it would have been
a lot to take in, in a sense.
We are all working
together in this.
There is a lot of cooperation
between all the hybrids,
and other races.
>> And other races.
So it's our understanding
that the Zeta beings,
that the Yahyel
is a hybridization
of human and Zetas.
>> Yes.
We do mix.
Is there other energies?
I mean, of course, the
human DNA is so vast.
So obviously, you have
all of those relations.
But was there more than just
human, more than just Zeta DNA?
>> Since you contain--
in your here and now time--
so many kinds of DNA, so many
strands of interstellar DNA,
some of us are a composition
of, you could say,
human DNA that has a
leaning towards more
Pleiadian, for instance, or
leaning towards more Sirian.
So this is what you can see
as differences between us.
Some of us lean more to the
one or the other as well--
a little bit more obvious,
there's more playing around.
>> Playing around, in
the sense that there's--
>> You would see the Pleiadian
shimmer through, in a sense,
or the Sirian, or
any other topic.
>> We've talked about in past,
with other races and other
beings I've interacted
with, I've talked about sort
of a triad of energy.
And I know the Sassani,
human, Sirian create a triad.
Would the Yahyel be
Yahyel, human, Pleiadian?
>> This is what I focus
on personally a lot.
There are more triads, though.
>> For a triad.
>> Also, Sirian
is involved here.
>> What happened to
our Zeta parents--
your Zeta parents?
In the sense, I know
we're 1/2 of that.
But is there still
communication with Zeta beings?
>> That future timeline
also splits up in multiple
possibilities.
>> Yes.
Could we go into that?
Because I've heard one version
where the Zetas have died off.
>> Yes.
>> And I've heard one version
where the Zetas have evolved.
They were able to learn from the
human interaction experience.
And their emotional
bodies were reactivated
during the
hybridization programs.
And they are thriving in
the galaxy association.
So how does that work?
>> There's two examples.
>> Two examples.
And I'm sure there's
probably more.
>> Yes, versions in between,
where they try to activate,
reactivate their emotional
bodies, but failed.
And any possibility that you
can think of in between--
many, many storylines.
>> The version of the Yahyel
that I'm interacting right now,
the Arjun energy, do you guys
have a interaction with any
of the Zeta timelines?
>> I personally do have
some of these relations.
>> Or, I guess I'm curious,
why did the Sassani come
in and say, hey,
this is the story?
You have human/Zeta DNA.
Why did not the Sassani--
or did the Zeta, themselves,
why did they not?
>> They have.
>> They did come?
OK.
What about future versions
of the human race?
Do you interact with those?
>> We can tune in to that.
And we sometimes do.
>> I see.
>> Do you have a specific
question about that?
>> So have you had visitations
from future humans?
Or, should I structure it this
way-- are you future humans?
>> You could say both are
happening, in a sense.
As I consider myself to
be a future version--
in a sense-- of the channel
sitting in front of you,
we are also visiting
humanity in the future, what
you could call, quote
unquote, "after your shift".
>> Right.
>> Although there is no
end, in that sense, to it.
This is a continuous process.
>> And continues evolution.
>> But yes, we connect
with that new Earth.
>> Right.
Right, right.
>> We can see, more or
less, where you are heading.
And there's obviously
infinite possibilities
of the amount of time it
takes for us to get there
collectively, individually.
I can sort of see it myself,
this new Earth, new form.
>> --where you will find that
what you create for yourself
individually is the
collective part,
is a part of what you create
for yourself, individually.
You will create
the collective that
fits your personal evolution
with that, to go with that.
You see?
>> Yes.
>> So there is a lot
more layers to it.
>> Absolutely.
And I think we're
just now coming
to understand the terms
and these understandings.
These conversations are
helping tremendously
for myself and others
watching to really grasp.
>> --to feel into it deeper.
>> --to feel into deeper, and
to grasp what reality truly is.
And it's so vast.
>> And beyond the grasping,
there will be a surrender,
a falling into it.
>> A surrender, exactly.
>> And no longer a need
for grasping, really.
>> --a need to
figure it out, yeah.
>> Exactly.
>> I like to figure
out everything, though.
>> It is a perfect step
to come to the surrender.
And you can, of course,
keep on playing with this.
There is so much fun in
the discovery of everything
that is.
>> Absolutely.
That's why I'm doing this.
It's so much fun.
>> And we think so too.
>> Yeah.
So it's been said that humanity
is the sixth hybrid race.
>> The hybrid children.
>> So the hybrid children,
are they the sixth race?
>> The precursors of that.
>> The precursors.
>> They're bridging that.
They're kickstarting
that for you.
>> So once they start
interacting with us
in the physical sense here on
Earth through our interactions
with them, through our
reproduction with creating
offspring, that will
create a new DNA strand?
>> In a sense, it is a
little bit more loose.
in that you have already also
begun becoming this sixth
hybrid race.
Yet, they are holding
such a high frequency,
they will be the highest
frequency-dense form
of that coming to your Earth.
But understand that when they
do set foot on your planet,
some of you will be
of the same frequency.
Otherwise, you
couldn't allow that in.
>> We wouldn't be
able to interact.
>> Exactly.
It will match with some of
you already here right now.
So you are moving into
it very organically.
Some of your family
lines have been
interacting, having interstellar
interaction for some while,
being--
in a sense-- guided
into that direction.
Already in the
womb, you could say.
And this was your co-creation.
You've all been a part of this.
Those who have--
>> --chosen.
>> --chosen to go
into that new wave.
>> Right, which I have
gotten-- through my downloads--
that I'm part of this--
>> You are.
>> --lineage, or guide.
Or, I would use the
word manipulation,
but that, I guess, has
a negative context.
>> We would like choice.
>> Yeah, choice.
>> For you knew what you were
signing up for, in a sense.
>> And then, still, it
was an open agreement.
>> Right.
So my lineage, my mother?
I feel I had gotten, in my
past, that my mother had
some engineering done to her
DNA to allow me to come through.
>> Funny way to put it.
Yes, correct.
>> Interesting.
And I'm sure it goes
further beyond that.
>> And your grandmother.
>> Grandmother.
OK.
>> And before.
>> Very subtle.
>> Yeah.
The image I got
during a meditation
was, it was just like
minute percentages.
Because if it was too--
>> It would not have
succeeded in that time frame.
It couldn't hold.
>> Exactly.
>> The frequency
wouldn't hold it.
So it had to be
done very gently.
>> Correct.
>> And then, maybe
this generation,
but the next generation--
it's almost exponential.
>> Think of your Fibonacci
spiral, and you've got it.
>> I see.
OK.
So would that be the correct
mathematical formula, then,
if I were to calculate
the exact percentages?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> For on your Earth
planet, this is the guiding
mathematical equation
that you develop by.
>> Sure.
Speaking of the hybrids--
to go in a little more detail,
the sixth hybrid race--
it said that the Yahyel are sort
of the keepers of this race.
Was this a contract?
When did this
contract take place?
I guess, why aren't the
Zetas keeping this race?
Why did they leave them in
the Yahyel's caretaking?
>> For they had, in a sense,
handed the stick to us?
>> Yes.
Why?
>> We are of a
frequency from birth.
That is what you have all signed
up for, to experience more of.
We are, in that sense,
the perfect guides.
>> I see.
>> The logical-- the
most logical link--
closest to where you are
heading in your next step.
Do you see?
>> I see.
I see.
So where the Zetas,
themselves, quite far
from that frequency spectrum?
>> Yes.
And they were focusing more
on the completion of the five
hybrid races, as you
have come to understand,
were resulting
from their project.
>> Do all the children, are all
of them under the caretaking
of the Yahyel?
Or are there some--
>> Most are.
>> Most?
OK.
Can you give us the names of
some of the other hybrid races?
Will you have
interaction with them?
>> Understand that these
children travel too.
They go out and stay over--
have sleepovers with friends,
you could say--
from Sassani and other races--
Pleiadian as well, Sirians.
They travel around.
They have seen a
lot of the universe
by the time they
come and visit you.
>> And that's why they're the
best bridges to our cosmic
families.
>> Correct.
>> I see, because not only
are they made of the same DNA
as us, but they've also
been educated quite well.
>> Yes.
And they can teach
you quite a bit.
>> For humans, I
guess we'll get there.
But the traditional
perspective from a parent
is that the parents
teach the kids,
not the kids teach the parents.
That's the old paradigm.
But we're breaking
that, I suppose.
>> That is shifting already.
>> Yeah.
>> Your kids right now are
very strong messengers.
>> Oh, yes, they are.
Yes, they are.
And all we have to do is listen.
>> Yes.
>> --and not give
them pharmaceuticals.
>> For instance, in some cases.
>> Yeah, in some cases.
Yesterday, during
the meditation,
we connected to two
of my hybrid children.
Are they around?
>> Having fun in the labyrinths.
>> Yeah, I look over to
the labyrinth to my left.
>> There's your clover boy.
>> Oh.
He's playing in
the clover circle.
Interesting.
Excellent, excellent.
This area in Sedona
has been said
to be one of the first areas
for these hybrid children
to come through.
Is that still the case?
And maybe, could you explain
the reasoning for that?
>> Yes.
The circumstances are optimal.
The veil is so thin here.
It is an easy playing
ground because of the amount
of crystals in the ground.
There is a big focusing
here, a big prism.
A lot of energies can
travel through the vortices
that are present here on
this place on your planet.
There are more such places.
It is very easy to tune
in with the children,
and for the children
to travel to you
in a more conscious manner
for you to perceive.
Yes, this is correct.
>> An interdimensional highway?
>> Yes.
>> --so to say.
Other places-- Brigitte,
who lives right over there,
is doing amazing work
with the children.
>> She is.
>> And I've sort of been doing
work with the hybrid children
and with my own meditations.
And I got-- it's funny
again, why we're being guided
to the labyrinth--
I've got that the labyrinth,
the energy behind labyrinths
and communities who
build labyrinths
in their communities
and their yards,
actually create some
sort of a portal to allow
the children to come through.
Can you say anything about this?
>> Many of the labyrinths that
are old and have been in use
by many spiritual paths-- you
could say, on your planet--
are based on sacred principles.
They contain certain
ingredients that universally
reflect a pathway to the heart,
the center being the heart--
traveling through either
the chakra system,
or in another way, through
yourself into your own core,
into your own center.
It is so much that frequency
that the children reach you on,
that, yes, they happily
make use of such doorways
that you specially
create on your planet.
>> So it's because of
the playful energy,
mixed with the heart
centeredness, mixed with--
before, I got the labyrinth
creates a movement going
in opposite directions.
>> As you seek within,
you discover outside.
You expand as you move within.
>> So all of these energies
that go into the labyrinth,
that's a resonant
frequency for the children?
>> It's easy for them to move
through that, and to you.
It can be seen as
such a doorway.
They do love to play
with labyrinths.
>> I see.
>> And they like
cooking with you.
>> They like cooking?
>> They like
gardening experiment.
>> If you are preparing
your food with love,
they love to be there with you.
You can think of them as
you consume one of your--
for instance-- organic apples.
And share with them your
taste sensation, in a sense,
by inviting them in.
They'll get a hint
of that flavor.
It's fun for them.
You can play with
them in so many ways.
While you are doing the dishes,
this is hilarious to them.
There are so many things
that you can call them
in with situations
that you call everyday,
that are brand new to
them, and so much fun.
>> Interesting.
So I take it there's not
a whole lot a dishwashing
in and the Yahyel realities.
>> Correct.
There is playing
with bubbles, though.
>> Playing with bubbles?
>> Yes.
>> Like soap bubbles
with soap substance?
>> Bubbles of a
more energetic kind.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yet, similar in the idea
of how you perceive them.
>> In the way you
see the time now,
how long before we see our
hybrid children interacting
with us on a physical sense?
>> Again, this is
completely individual.
Some of you on your planet have
already physically interacted
with their hybrid children.
>> Actually, that thank
you for clarifying.
That's sort of where I wanted to
go with the question, and ask,
are there individuals that
are actually already--
>> --have seen them.
>> Sometimes, even
touched them for a moment.
Yet, this was still slightly
in an overlap reality that
was brought down to your
planet, you could say.
So you could walk
into it, or they
could walk into it within their
own premises, or living room,
or where they were at that
moment in nature more often.
>> And the more we step
into the higher frequencies,
these playful energies, then
these personal interactions
will increase?
>> As you play with
your own inner child,
you open the doors for them.
>> Right.
So once again,
going back to what
we were speaking about
earlier, this global mass bam,
all the kids are here one day.
That's not necessarily
how it's going to happen.
It's going to happen
on an individual basis.
And then eventually, we'll
hit that turning point,
as we did after 2012, or
where in time, oh, yeah.
We have hybrid kids here.
>> There are more people who
will be invited to open up
to that high tier.
But they still do not have to.
For some people, this may
still seem rather awkward,
even though it's
already happening
at the horizon of their
creation of reality.
>> Right, right, right.
>> Other ones will feel drawn
in by it, attracted by it,
like a fly to honey.
>> So it's said
that the Yahyel--
well, the hybrid
children, the Yahyel--
are so closely related to
us, that they might be--
high probability-- one of
the first contact races
for humanity.
>> Highest probability, yes.
>> Highest.
>> Currently.
>> We had the Phoenix
lights event, which--
thank you for that event.
>> Did you enjoy the show?
>> I was not there in Phoenix.
>> The recording of it.
>> The recording and
the testimonies and all
of the people who I've
interacted with who got
to experience it.
>> The show is still going on.
>> And the show
is still going on.
I heard 2017, there
might be a good chance
for the Yahyel, another Phoenix
light-type event to happen.
Is this still in the works?
>> More drawings are
planned in the sky, yes.
>> More drawings in the sky?
>> Yes.
We are drawing with our lights.
>> So the Phoenix lights
was an intentional event,
an intentional event to wake
up humanity a little bit?
Or just to dangle a carrot?
How would you describe the
intention behind this event?
>> There is no, in
that sense, target.
We were just saying hi.
>> I see.
>> And as the timing was
perfect for that in that moment,
the circumstances were perfect
for that in that moment.
Many of you had signed up for
such an experience, consciously
or subconsciously.
For us, it was
interesting to see
how such a event would be
processed by you, a feeling
into the state.
>> Right.
And many people speculate
now-- researchers in my field,
in the Ufology field, that
if another Phoenix-like type
event would occur, that it would
be a much different situation.
Because now we
have the internet.
Everyone has high definition
cameras on their cell phones
in their pockets.
>> It would be less likely
to be suppressed and hidden
for so long.
>> Correct.
Yeah, it would
almost be impossible
for it to be hidden
and suppressed.
>> Yet, still, everybody would
be free to make up their own
mind about it.
>> For your ships, are they
built out of materials that we
would know here on Earth?
Or is it specific to materials--
I guess, how are
your ships built?
Is it materialistically
carbon-based,
crystalline-based?
Can you describe your ships?
>> We consider it natural.
Yet, it is very strong, yet,
light energetic material.
We create it energetically.
>> So it's not something you
would go and mine a planet
to harvest materials, in
the sense that when we build
our houses, we go dig up
the ground and get different
materials, in that sense?
>> This is focused into being.
>> It's focused into being.
So you literally can--
>> --create a ship, or
co-create a ship together.
>> Through your imagination?
>> Yes, by bundling the powers,
overlapping them, and thus,
densifying them--
materializing our intent.
>> In a way a sword-maker
would take a hammer and put it
in the fire and constantly
fold the sword over and over,
we call it sword-making
by folding it.
You just simply do
this with intention?
>> Yes.
Nice analogy.
You fold the intention on top.
>> Yes.
And thus, it becomes manifest.
>> Physical.
Do you do the same with
the building structures
on your planet?
Or is that more of
a natural process?
>> That is closer to you, as
you are used to playing with
nature.
>> And harmonizing
with nature to do this?
>> Although intent is always
a part of everything we do.
>> Absolutely.
>> Do you still work with your
planet to build these ships?
>> So, your question is, do we
build the ships on the planet?
>> Yes.
>> We can focus
them in the cosmos,
if we would want that to.
>> Interesting.
>> Depends on where
we gather to do this.
>> OK, and it's just through
collective intention?
>> Yes.
>> Through the number of
beings with your civilization.
Do you interact with
other civilizations
to build your ships?
>> No.
>> So we can say it's
pure Yahyel technology,
which would be Yahyel intention.
>> Yes.
But we do hitch a ride now
and then with each other.
Do you understand?
>> Sure.
Like taking a ride in a--
>> Pleiadian ship.
>> A Pleiadian ship.
>> Or, the other way around.
Or, join the Sassani.
We can visit each other
and take a ride along,
if it is in
everybody's interest.
>> I see.
And do you share
technologies, in that sense,
with other civilizations?
>> When we do share a
ship, we are of one mind,
as in where the ship is going.
Yet, there is one
or a small group
in charge of the specific ship.
>> I see.
>> Being the ones closest to
it, energetically steering it--
although we are all of one mind
when it comes to the location
where we are going, that
we are aiming for it.
We are one heart.
>> You fly in ships to get
you from one place to another.
But at the state
of your evolution,
you don't necessarily
need the ships.
>> Yes, you could say that.
We still use the ships
for some reasons.
And sometimes, we
do not need them
because we can just tune in.
>> And I've heard you
say on your planet,
there's not a whole lot of
development as far as, like,
city structures,
how we have them.
>> Little.
There are some, what we
would call play areas, where
there is more
structures being built,
or have been created there.
>> And is that out of choice to
let the planet express itself
with little outside influence?
>> Through nature, in
the natural way, yes.
Yeah, there is a lot of art and
artistic, playful expression
going on amongst us
in our civilization.
>> On the planet?
>> Yes.
>> And in these areas
of populated areas,
it's more for our purposes?
>> And to explore and play
with nature, in a sense,
much like the area that
you are in right now.
>> Yeah, Sedona.
Sedona's a great example.
>> Referring to the
circles on the ground.
>> Oh, I see.
Creating--
>> Art with what is natural.
>> With the natural, yes.
>> And that can be
in shapes like this.
It can be in ways of planting
the seeds, the flowers,
the trees up onto how we
create some of the buildings,
you would call it.
>> So much like maybe our native
cultures created clay houses
using Earth materials--
I mean, everything, obviously,
on Earth is Earth materials.
But with less of a
mixing and matching
of chemicals and things.
>> No chemicals at all are used.
>> More of a natural-based--
>> Yes.
And we play with aesthetics.
We like to have plants
growing from bowls and roofs.
We like to--
>> Plants growing from bones?
>> Bowls.
>> Ah, bowls.
OK.
>> Bowls and roofs.
So that building is alive.
>> Yes, OK.
>> Your house can
bloom, quite literally.
>> We know through Einstein's
theory of relativity that every
star and every planet revolving
around that star sort of has
its own relative time
and space to each star.
So the way we perceive
time would not be
the same way you perceive time.
>> Correct.
And I'm sure, through
your evolution,
you perceive time even
on a grander scale.
Let's say, if you were
still in the third density,
was there ever a time when
the Yahyel civilization was
in third density?
>> No.
>> No, OK.
So from your birth, you birthed
into fourth density conscious?
>> Yes.
But we are familiar
with as much as we
can be familiar with
your perception of time
through parallel
versions of ourselves,
such as the child before you.
Otherwise, it would be hard
for us to relate to you at all,
you see.
>> Right.
So this new perception of time--
and this is a new perception
that humanity is adapting
through its exploration
into science and
physics, metaphysics,
and to interactions like these--
>> And through your hearts.
>> --and through our hearts.
>> From time to timing.
>> Time to timing.
Exactly.
Then our constructs are
constructs of the universe.
And how we perceive
it shift and change.
>> Yes.
We'll loosen up greatly.
>> And we, with that loosening,
allows us to connect more
in this manner.
>> Yes, and to plug into
more levels of existence,
you could say.
>> And that's where we enter
into higher dimensional spaces?
>> Yes.
Many of them will become
a lot closer to you,
easier to reach for, in a
sense, to tap into, tune into.
>> Going into the fifth
dimension, for example,
where you reside--
fourth density,
fifth dimension--
right now, we're
fourth dimension,
third and fourth density.
But are there
humans on our planet
that can sort of step in and
out of the fifth dimension?
>> Yes.
>> Do you have to be fourth
density consciousness
to experience fifth dimension?
Can you still be third
density and travel
into the fifth dimension?
>> When you are fourth
density consciousness,
you are experiencing
fifth dimensional reality.
>> I see.
>> When you are third
density, fourth dimensional,
you have the possibility
to move in and out of that.
You can experience
fifth dimension
for a moment, or
several hours, and even
feel like these hours have lost.
>> Right.
The Zeta beings that did the
hybridization programs, when
they started, were
they third density,
or were they already
fourth density?
>> When they started?
>> When they started the
hybridization programs,
mixing their DNA with human DNA,
were they already in a fourth
density consciousness?
Or a similar third
density that we were in.
>> They were there.
It had a different color.
>> When you say there,
you mean fourth density?
>> Yes, yet I didn't steer
it through the heart.
So, freely translated, we would
say it had a different color.
It was very differently
perceived by them.
You are now agreeing to walk
into it through the heart.
Another path is a
path of resistance.
They tried the
Yet, their frequency
was rising, thus,
urging them to
look at themselves
and rearrange their thinking.
They had cornered themselves.
The path that they had
chosen for the heart energy
is necessary to move on on that
higher and higher frequency.
At some point, you will
be pointed to that.
It was pointed out to them,
that this wasn't going anywhere.
And within that
realization, they
understood they had
to take certain steps,
change their ways.
>> And if we want to interact
with those flavors, then--
for example, if you wanted to
go into the draconian flavor,
then we may need to activate
our mental bodies a little bit
more.
If we want to go
into the Pleiadian,
the Yahyel flavor, then
we go into our hearts.
>> Still, these are
generalizations.
>> Generalizations.
I see.
>> But yes, in general.
Although draconian
energy has also
got the flavor that you
call the hard one in it,
in its own spectrum.
And Pleiadian has been
traveling through quite
some resisting eras in
their own timelines.
>> Right.
Do Yahyel have much interaction
with draconians-- dracos,
or other reptilian beings?
>> Some.
>> How do they perceive them?
>> The ones that we interact
with are very playful
and walking along the
same lines, you might say,
more or less.
So we can play together,
explore together.
>> Very nice.
>> The other ones, we observe
from a distance now and then.
We are not necessarily
looking for the contrast,
in that sense.
We know it's there,
and that is perfect.
>> By interacting with humans,
because there's a large portion
of humanity that is influenced
in sort of along that draconian
flavor--
>> You have a pinch of
that in your systems, yes.
>> Yes, we do.
Just a pinch.
But we've been
choosing to explore
that for quite several millennia
now, to explore that pinch.
>> It has added greatly to
your journey and sped up a lot
of exploration.
>> I see.
I see-- I see.
I do a lot of work with
sacred plant medicines.
And they seem to be very good
teachers of what we were just
talking about.
>> They can be for some people.
>> For some people, yes.
I guess, used with
that intention
and understanding to really--
>> And even if it is part of
your path that you laid out
for yourself, because there
are those that have agreed--
you could say-- before
birth, to definitely
not use these teachers.
>> Oh, absolutely
>> Even though they have
the right intention,
they may try to work with it.
And it may just simply
not work out for them,
because they have chosen, on
another level, another route
of learning for themselves.
>> Absolutely.
I mean, it's just one
path of many paths.
>> Yes.
>> Right.
I know this might be
a strange question.
And I think I almost
know the answer.
>> There are no
strange questions.
>> But for our audience,
is there that kind of work
on your planet?
Is there an actual
external substance,
like a mushroom
or a cactus, or--
we have ayahuasca-- that
your planetary civilization
could work with
that consciousness
and consume it in that way?
Or is that just
unique to the Earth?
>> That is not
unique to the Earth.
We play around
with certain things
that are natural to our planet.
There is still journeying, in
that sense, playing around.
Yet, it comes a lot more
subtle, you might say.
>> I see.
>> For most of you, this
jump is still a rather big.
>> The jump with the
medicines, you mean?
>> The portal that you move
through appears rather big.
>> When we consume
these medicines?
>> Yes.
To us, it feels a little closer.
Still making a trip--
>> But not an extreme.
For some people, the journey
can be quite extreme.
>> Yes.
But that is only because you
are taking your first steps
into this.
And some of you are very brave
people taking very big steps.
But you never take steps
bigger than you can handle.
>> Exactly, exactly.
I have come to
that understanding.
>> To give you an example, we
can even play with what you
could call one
petal of a flower--
hold it, tune into it,
and travel on that.
It is a lot more subtle.
>> Right.
And as we become more
in tune on this planet,
then we can probably
do the same with--
>> Some of you
already can, and do--
>> --with a petal of a
flower, a rock, a tree?
>> Yes.
>> As Bashar would say,
everything is a permission
slip.
>> Yes, it is very direct
conversation with your earth
crystal--
>> Crystals as well.
Yes.
>> --is possible, and is already
being done by some of you.
>> For these plant medicines,
I perceive them as entities
in themselves,
consciousness, spirits.
We have many names in
our native cultures--
Pachamama, the
Mother Earth spirit.
And then, specifically talking
about ayahuasca in this sense.
Do you guys interact with
those kinds of spirits?
>> We travel with them.
>> With them.
>> We see it a
little bit like, say,
one plant medicine having a
group over soul, in a sense,
that works together with your
Gaia that is being translated
through that particular
plant medicine.
It is that frequency
that we can very easily
tap into and travel
along with you
when you are that frequency.
You move to a bit of a--
>> Neutral zone.
>> --where we can meet.
>> I see.
>> Exactly.
And you guys don't
necessarily need those plants
to get to that neutral zone.
>> We don't need plants
to get to that zone, no.
>> And we don't, either.
>> You don't.
But for some right now,
it is the easiest way,
or they have created it to
seem that way for themselves.
>> Correct.
Wonderful.
Yeah, that kind of answered.
That neutral zone.
I like that.
A field to meet on that's
safe for everybody.
>> Again, a hub.
>> Yeah.
And outside of our
plant neutral zones,
are there other energetic
neutral zones that we can
play with, dream time, perhaps?
>> Creates such a zone,
on multiple levels, yes.
>> And are dreams--
>> Meditation does.
>> Meditation, OK.
>> Music does.
Following your heart does.
>> So there's many ways to
create this platform based
on the individual journey.
>> It is within you.
There are many ways
to tap into it.
>> I see.
And I'm assuming the invitation
is always on the other side.
If we put it out there, if
we go to the neutral zone
and we sort of wave our
flag and say, hey, I'm here.
Come meet me--
>> You will always
be hurt or perceived.
It depends on where
you are, how you
ask it, and your own
contracts, so to speak--
whether we can respond and/or
whether you will hear us.
Usually, there is a response.
Understand that even not
responding can be a response.
>> Can you explain that?
>> In some cases, not
responding as to the questioner,
it seems as if there
is no response.
Sometimes, that serves a goal.
For the question, often in
this case, is too insisting.
>> Oh, I see.
>> There is something
depending on it.
>> Right, right.
Yeah, I get what you're saying.
>> We wouldn't feed that idea.
>> The expectation for
an answer creates a--
>> --dependency.
>> --a dependency and a--
>> --that we do not
wish to confirm.
We do not wish to build
that illusion with them
in that moment.
So we step back and send love.
So we are responding
energetically.
Yet, it is up to them to feel
through what they perceive
to be a silence, and understand
what the actual meaning of that
is.
>> Right, and not attach it
to abandonment or other types
of negative emotions--
>> Rejection.
>> For that is not
happening, ever.
It is their own
invitation for themselves
to look at these
feelings, if these
come up due to such a silence,
to play with, to overcome.
They are giving themselves
that opportunity,
which is a beautiful gift.
And we would never want to
stand in the way of that.
>> Yeah, many star seeds--
you know, we have many labels
for this new energy that's
coming out of this planet--
star seeds, indigoes,
crystal aligned, children,
rainbow children--
there's a whole slew of names.
And many of these
people feel abandoned
by their star families because
of their lack of connectivity
to some of the harsh
energies on this planet.
>> Yes.
>> And basically, what we're
seeing now is it's almost
a lesson for integration.
>> Yes, it is a big one.
Look at yourself.
>> For their contracts
prior to coming here--
>> Trust that you are connected.
You do not need to seek.
You are connected.
>> Right.
And if you feel like no one's
picking up on the other line,
so to say--
>> Try another line.
>> And by that, we mean look at
where you have not been doing
what you have wanted to
be doing for so long.
We are on that line.
>> I see.
So it is almost the path of
least resistance, in a way.
If it doesn't work one way,
then just go the other way.
>> Yes.
>> And stop beating
the dead horse.
>> Yes.
>> Perfect.
Going back to our
sacred plant medicine,
specifically with marijuana, is
that a symbiotic relationship
that we have with this plant?
>> Yes.
And you have, in a
sense, with everything
that is natural on your planet.
>> Sure, sure, sure.
>> You breathe each other.
>> Yes.
Yes.
I see.
>> You are intimately related.
The plants have their own
curiosity towards you.
And you can play together in
more ways than most of humanity
is aware of, up until now,
is you have created this here
and now on this
version of your planet.
>> Even genetically
and DNA-wise?
>> You can play with each other.
DNA is the transmitter,
the receiver on both ends.
So when you play, that is also--
>> Harmonizing?
>> Yes.
>> I see.
Very cool.
>> This is why a plant can
assist you, restore your DNA.
And with your love,
you can quite literally
guide the DNA of the plant
and even create new species.
>> Oh, I see.
So a lot of our sacred
plant medicines--
not just the ones used for
shamanistic journeys, but also,
in healing bodies and
healing the body from cancers
and other ailments--
this is all a dance.
>> Yes, everything is a dance.
That is you creating that
to allowing that reflection
to help you harmonize with
yourself, help the plant help
you.
And it works both
directions, always.
>> Yes.
Sometimes, I think we
forget about the other side,
just taking from the plants.
But their ask is we
have to give back.
>> You are remembering the other
half of them, infinity symbol.
>> Always a give and a take.
>> Yes.
>> The sixth hybrid
race humanity,
have we interacted
with ourselves?
I mean, have they come
back into our timeline?
>> Many of you are,
and more and more,
speaking to future versions
of yourselves from my future
Earth, from the new Earth.
>> Are you familiar with the
Rendlesham Forest incident
in Bent Waters?
It's a famous UFO
sort of event where
several military personnel,
over the course of three days,
interacted with a craft.
Was that interaction from
future sixth hybrid race humans?
The airmen themselves felt it
wasn't extraterrestrial per se,
but they always felt it was
us from the future-- humanity,
humans from the future.
>> There was both energies
present, hybrid and human.
So, yes, it is from
a time frame where
they were interacting, closely
working together, traveling
together.
>> And this may help
with the information.
So there was a
secret nuclear base.
People felt that
the interaction were
sort of warning
and maybe checking
on those weapons of
mass destruction.
>> Yes.
They came to show their
faces for a reason.
>> Yeah.
>> Because this base was
familiar with tests being done
before, and interfered
with on purpose.
In this case, they were
considering certain steps
in that direction
of certain tests.
And the ship was sent to
interact with some of them
to show them, we also see you.
>> I see.
They're not alone.
Yes.
And this has happened.
>> --that they love themselves
too much to play with matches
like that.
>> Yes.
And this is sort of the
story since the 1940s,
since the kids started
playing with matches,
with the first atomic test
in White Sands, New Mexico?
>> Yes.
Let's say, that there is
a timeline in which you
could merrily go along that
way of playing with matches.
And we all got to see
where that will lead you.
>> I see.
>> So we travel back
a little to offer you,
to co-create with you new
possibility for the future,
as you understand it to be.
>> And that's what were
playing out right now.
>> Yes.
You have crossed the threshold.
You have already decided
that you would not
destroy your Earth with that
specific tool in that sense.
You have already agreed
upon that on a higher level,
as the humanity that is present
on this version of planet
right here, right now.
>> And this was the
2012 marking point?
>> Before, even.
>> Oh, before.
Harmonic convergence in
1987, would that be--
>> Closer, yes.
>> --one of those marker points?
>> Closer to that year.
Although, again, we can't
pinpoint exactly, for this
is organic.
>> Sure.
>> All numbers in that sense.
Also, your 2012 date are
more or less symbolic.
Some people were already beyond
that in their own evolution,
you might say.
>> Sure.
Yeah, it's more of a general
guideline for the collective.
And every individual is going
to vary from that point.
>> For that tipping of
the scales moment that you
understand as your
2012 December,
was created by all of those
people that had already tipped
at that point, you see.
They had become such
a group that they
could tip the scale for the
rest of the planet, in a sense.
Yet, in their
experience of reality,
already manifested
that for themselves.
They were already experiencing
slightly more positive
than negative energies
for themselves.
They helped tip the
scale for the majority.
So you could all tap into
that easily, quicker, faster.
>> Right.
And the more individuals who
create that perception, then
create that reality.
>> Nailed it.
>> Then go into that timeline
where those nasty things
don't exist.
>> Where you can
celebrate together,
that all those nasty things
have brought you where you are
today.
Because you transformed it.
You integrated it.
You stopped basically
calling them nasty.
>> Right.
And for those nasty
events that keep
occurring in other people's
lives, in a global sense,
then it's just a reflection
for those individuals
for those people to make
a shift in their lives.
>> They are still on their
own route of exploration,
still playing with these things.
And as long as you can perceive
that, bits and pieces of you--
although there is
only one whole--
are still causing that
reflection for you to perceive.
So when you see
that, it tells you
it is still somewhat
active in you.
And as long as you perceive
them playing that game,
you can heal that within your,
transform it for both of you.
Whether they choose to accept
that gift or not is up to them,
you see.
>> I see.
And I guess, so that's the
construct here on Earth.
And I guess I'm trying to use
that same micro as the macro.
If you guys are perceiving Earth
in that way, in that sense,
then I perceive the other
side the world in their thing.
Is it a similar type perspective
where you see Earth--
and again, I hate
to use these words.
Maybe we can find better
words-- this needing to heal?
>> We observe it full of trust.
>> Trust, OK.
>> Knowing that every being on
that version of Earth that we
look at has its own individual
path and free choice to work
with what they have manifested
for themselves to work with,
in whatever way they wish
to in any given moment,
starting by their
outlook on life,
their inner response
to circumstances.
For as long as
they perceive them
as being outside
of themselves, this
is the first step
to bringing them in
to change their response to it.
This free choice is always
available for all of you,
no matter how dire, how
challenging circumstances
may look.
When we look at a planet full
of people with that free choice,
we see incredible
magic unfolding.
Because every single breath
you take, every move you make,
every person that has
this constant freedom
is a fairy tale on
its own, influencing
the rest of the entire planet.
You are creating as
many planets as there
are people on your planet.
We are just intuitively
flowing with every version
of that that resonates with us
enough so we can communicate
with you as we are now.
Never is there our
choice to feel sorrow.
Never is there our choice to
feel torn between what we see,
and what we know.
There is no conflict there.
There is only the full
embracing of what we observe--
seeing the magic that is
always there unfolding.
Even for those that
choose a very narrow path,
there is an artistic thing--
you could say-- to that as well.
>> Right, right.
The way we would perceive
to fix the problem
is really to see that
there is no problem--
>> --to fix.
>> Exactly.
>> And then by
having that outlook,
by embracing that energy then--
>> Freeing that energy
within your system,
by letting go of the idea of
a problem that needs fixing,
you will actually allow in a lot
of energy from your own higher
self, from your source--
you could say-- that you can use
to benefit yourself and others
by letting that flow.
Because wherever you
create for yourself
the idea of an
obstacle or a problem.
You are blocking that
energy from flowing to you.
And if you do allow
it to flow in,
you can benefit the whole more.
>> Right.
Yes, I understand that now.
So really-- and I guess I'm
trying to get into the Yahyel
head space a little bit--
>> Heart space.
>> --heart.
Thank you for the correction,
because that's what's needed.
Then, it's just again,
seeing everything as perfect,
seeing everything as happening
in the divine way that it does,
and then just simply
choosing what's
in your highest excitement.
>> Yes.
>> And the more you do that, the
more that is what you manifest.
>> Yes, unless you choose to
feel something that is a bit
less exciting for you, and
then be OK with that as well.
See the perfection
in that as well.
>> And then you're choosing your
less than highest excitement
as your highest excitement.
>> In a sense, exactly.
And you're transforming
it to a higher frequency.
So you haven't
fallen off your path.
There is no way to fall off it.
Even the idea of following
your highest excitement
brings a lot of
pressure for people,
we have discovered
along the way.
>> Yeah, I think some people
get caught up in the wording.
>> Highest.
>> Highest, yes.
>> There are your levels again.
So we like to put it as to be
as much as you can possibly
be of you, in any given moment.
And if you are you and
being a little sad,
embracing that you are a
little sad in that moment
helps you move out of it.
Expressing it, feeling it,
as opposed to stuffing it
and trying to avoid it and
say, I'm not sad, or whatever.
And say that's not my highest
excitement, so it's not good.
>> Yes.
There is a beauty in
embracing that emotion
and bringing it into
motion, and exploring it
as you like to explore
and play with your mind--
like you said before.
And figure out where is
this emotion emerging from?
What am I believing
to be true that
makes me feel this way
right here, right now?
Feel it.
Be it.
And look at it with open eyes.
Don't squinch.
>> What would you say is
sort of the main philosophy
of the Yahyel, the main teaching
that maybe the Yahyel have
for humanity?
>> Be here now.
>> Be here now, in this moment.
>> When you are
fully here and now,
you are looking
with your eyes open.
You're perceiving the fullness
of yourself in that moment.
So if there is anything
within your system
that is slightly out of
whack, you would notice.
You would feel it.
You could tune in with your
body and feel it either
through your physical
body speaking to you,
or your emotional body
speaking with you.
As everything is always
continuously speaking to you.
>> Our environment as well.
>> Your environment, a
reflection would be speaking
to you.
And when you are
fully here and now,
you can pick up these
messages and play with them,
and grow from them.
>> And I would say,
expand in our awareness,
our awareness of what is.
>> --of all that is.
It is all you.
And you can play with all of it.
>> So the more we're
centered in being here now,
we can feel our surroundings.
We can be in tune with
all that there is.
>> Less likely for you to miss
a message from your own higher
self to yourself, as you
are constantly speaking
to yourself.
And so are many of your guides.
>> I see.
>> And bring yourself
home by being here now.
>> And for the Yahyel,
your civilization,
in the daily practice
is to be here now.
>> And we see what
comes our way.
And we pick what resonates most
with us in every given moment.
>> Beautiful.
>> We think so.
Lots of fun.
>> Well, I look forward to more
interactions with the Yahyel
and our hybrid children.
Thank you, guys.
>> So do we with all of you.
>> And in our lights
in the sky, can't wait.
And at the same time, I'm
very excited and thankful
for this this interaction.
>> We thank you so much
from all of our hearts.
We have been delighted to
have this interaction with you
here now.
And we will meet again.
>> Absolutely.
Thank you.
>> Namaste.
[MUSIC PLAYING]